README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <p align="center">
    <a href="#">
      <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/main/misc/images/logo.png" height="100px" />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>
<h1 align="center">Proxmox arm64 Install Scripts</h1>
<h3 align="center">a port of the Promox VE Helper-Scripts to arm64!</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pimox-scripts.com">Website</a> | 
  <a href="https://github.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribute</a> |
  <a href="https://github.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/blob/main/USER_SUBMITTED_GUIDES.md">Guides</a> |
  <a href="https://github.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md">Changelog</a> |
  <a href="https://ko-fi.com/D1D7EP4GF">Support (tteck)</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
<img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/asylumexp/proxmox?style=flat">

## </p>

### About

Ports the [Proxmox VE Helper Scripts](https://github.com/community-scripts/proxmoxve) project to ARM64.

Find the scripts in the website linked above.

Any issues with the scripts, please put an issue within this repository rather than upstream, as it is likely caused by my modifications.

Includes an Alpine-based Audiobookshelf setup with automatic arch/version selection.

### Support

If you would like to offer support, I would appreciate a star on the repository, or for you to support the creator of the Proxmox scripts [tteck on Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/D1D7EP4GF)!

## Compatibility Guide

[View Compatibility Guide here](https://pimox-scripts.com)

Commit message:

Update AdGuard Home installer for multiarch

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <p align="center">
    <a href="#">
      <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/main/misc/images/logo.png" height="100px" />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>
<h1 align="center">Proxmox arm64 Install Scripts</h1>
<h3 align="center">a port of the Promox VE Helper-Scripts to arm64!</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pimox-scripts.com">Website</a> | 
  <a href="https://github.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribute</a> |
  <a href="https://github.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/blob/main/USER_SUBMITTED_GUIDES.md">Guides</a> |
  <a href="https://github.com/asylumexp/Proxmox/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md">Changelog</a> |
  <a href="https://ko-fi.com/D1D7EP4GF">Support (tteck)</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
<img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/asylumexp/proxmox?style=flat">

## </p>

### About

Ports the [Proxmox VE Helper Scripts](https://github.com/community-scripts/proxmoxve) project to ARM64.

Find the scripts in the website linked above.

Any issues with the scripts, please put an issue within this repository rather than upstream, as it is likely caused by my modifications.

Includes an Alpine-based Audiobookshelf setup with automatic arch/version selection.
AdGuard Home installer now auto-selects the correct platform download by architecture.

### Support

If you would like to offer support, I would appreciate a star on the repository, or for you to support the creator of the Proxmox scripts [tteck on Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/D1D7EP4GF)!

## Compatibility Guide

[View Compatibility Guide here](https://pimox-scripts.com)
